hey guys if you're looking for cheap and
reliable instant Ultimate Team Coins
check out the foot shop calm there link
will be description use the code
zurk are for a 5 percent discount of
your coins and let's get into the video
right okay so day 8 we are back from
packs
I think it's JJ what's a last chord you
know oh I know I know I won one Neil
thanks to Ali wife by school kick in the
90th minute we did forget you did forget
alright let's go let's try and salvage
it isn't very happy with your team vote
no I pretty much have lost every fucking
game because of my dad
it's Bobby it's cause of you I'm not
saying it is understand maybe man lay me
down I always let people inside nice can
we play okay you may have stopped coin
sponsors you haven't stopped your lag
thank you oh this is doji territory
let's test your ability to a free-kick
holy moly JJ why plain slideshow 15 come
on I want to see pictures of FIFA on a
play fifa yes smooth smooth smooth Oh Oh
rod Run For Your Lives oh my god where's
your bun see like your
yes yes yes you done I'm not too sure
about this my god why every save shit
from me boy see so go oh why so penny
wired your Fannie's come on
this oh oh my god where's the free kitty
where's the free kick
oh I these down these fucking down okay
so halftime one go
why does this always happen
oh my god okay shit fine it's fine
oh no pop shot oh all right so you get
there we go
ah no up no there no oh my god you have
one header is coming no no no okay thank
you all cuts thank you finally someone
can shoot oh no Jade you'll go quiet
again you watch no for that's so a mom
as a good girl it's deserve oh wow
oh my god oh that play run run run
oh my god you're so shit agüero all
right get in the box
perché what what but shit no I saw that
shit oh my god
hey hey you fuck yourself how does it
worked oh don't make this a draw go go
oh my god why pax is fucked me it's
we're in my winning streak we're also
not the famous one and we're going to
give them away to random people in the
back through the bases and a meet and
greet at a Microsoft Store and we are
going to give away
let's go